well Israel's attack on Rafa has
inspired protests around the world
Teresa Bo brings us this report now from
New York where at least seven people
were
detained I'm here in Union Square in New
York City where hundreds of people have
gathered to demand and enter the war on
Gaza they're chanting go so hands off
Rafa because of the current incursion
that is ongoing in southern gasa these
people are not students there are
several organizations that have gotten
together to demand that the United
States stops financing the Israeli
military stops funding Israel's military
L fan is one of the organizers of this
demonstrations we are outraged at the
invasion of RAF has begun uh and we are
here we call an emergency rally because
the will of the United States people is
actually to end the genocide to end the
occupation and it seems that the white
house uh cannot hear this and is not
putting the uh appropriate amount of
pressure and taking action to end it
protesters left the square and started
marching through the streets in the
middle of the city there's lots of
presence of the police at least four
people were arrested they have been
warning the protesters that they cannot
block the roads and that's why they're
marching through this area these people
are also saying that they stand with the
student protesters that have taken
University campuses across the country
the students are very courageous and
they're very brave and our message here
actually is that the students were right
they were protesting to stop the
invasion of Rafa and it's continuing now
protesters marched all around New York
City they made it all the way here to
the New York Public Library where they
continue to demand an end to the war
students in the United States have been
suspended expelled and many have been
arrested here in New York City they have
been evicted from their campuses but
they have taken the protest to the
streets and that's where they
they will
remain New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al